what's up guys sloppy wet below here
well crysis 3 is here so i think if we
for you guys we have 2560 by 1600 full
screen yet fxaa we're doing very high
texture resolution vsync off so we can
show you the frame rate very high system
specs advanced everything's on very high
16 * motion blur is on high and lens
flare jets game let's go back campaign
new campaigns through soldier yes now
anyway this is the gtx 680 signature two
cards guys we're going to skip this so
we could start it up so this is the
beginning of the game I didn't really
get far anyway as you guys I just threw
one video up there anyway so let's do
some of this so this is pretty much
maxed that and let's show you some frame
rates guys this is the newest drivers 23
1407 deters that just came out in Nam in
regards to this game
as you can see it's an technical animal
I mean I'm in the 40s with our two cards
running in two ways lot get FXAA is on I
tried the MSA a and it really heat up
the computer as you can see the Titans
out that's probably going to be a really
good option for you guys if you can get
it which I'm definitely going to get my
hands on it soon looks really good game
looks really awesome I mean it's just
really awesome looking game but it is a
animal so this is maxed out with 26 80s
and let's just say it's bringing it kind
of to a tease you know 50 frame rates
here show you two different sites and
stuff
what a difference from quality compared
the aliens as we all know guys just
absolutely despicable game I can't
believe I wasted money on that game look
at this Louise and stuff so this is the
very beginning we're getting higher
frame rates yegas is not as much
texturing it's not but so again guys
2560 by 1600 and again this is on to
stock signature two cards is not that I
oughta locked at all it's just making
sure just looking good and it is looking
decent guys okay and sometimes I'd like
to cooperate trying to give you some
look on the texturing and stuff we're
gonna guide you can see his beard and
looks really good man you almost get
nervous to any other game you're going
to fight now it's what the silence or on
which they want
smooth in here looking good again we
playing at this resolution you're really
going to custom my GPU lost out let me
know guys how you like the game how it
looks what you guys think of it if you
picked it up yet always interested as I
still here see the frame rate we're
getting hitches here I don't know if
it's just gonna I mean I'm noticing a
lot of hitching look at its run 2 20's I
think it's more initiative with the
drivers I think the game is it they may
have created new drivers but it's
hitching I'm getting definitely I mean
look at us or into 20s and all of a
sudden it gets smooth again look we're
in the 60s so I will definitely say that
they have to optimize this game want
properly and the drive is they
compensate it look at the particle
effects really cool really come a long
way compared to like metro and stuff but
very strange it'll run really smooth
like right now and then all of a sudden
you'll just get that I didn't see this
guy they don't like the diagnose game
either but you see the particle effects
in the physics getting used here and
stuff smooth here very smooth you have
to find a sweet spot with the game
obviously we gotta kill you
let's kill him like that well it's
amazing seeing games now bring these
cards to the knees at this resolution a
little bit but by god I just don't want
to die in this game it's smooth over
here all right I got to be on it's going
to be pretty hot seat gets there goes
the hitches again so again it's really
ugly I don't know what's up with it it's
definitely a driver issue